Mohammed woke up on a bright Sunday morning, stretching and yawning. "Vader!", he called out. No response. He wondered that his beagle hadn't woken up yet. He got out of bed, and started his usual morning routine. If this was some other day, Vader would be up and wagging his tail around Mohammed. But little did Mohammed know he would never see Vader again. With a slice of toast in his hand, he searched his small apartment, but could not find Vader anywhere. He searched outside his apartment, near the park, by the lake, everywhere, but all in vain. Vader was nowhere to be found. He called his friends and family, whomever he could think of, to ask if anyone knew anything anout Vader, but he was unsuccessful again. It was as if Vader had vanished into thin air.
Mohammed, deep in despair, lost all hope of reuniting with his canine companion. Well into the night, he remained restless, occupied with worries about the fate of Vader. He decided to check around his apartment one last time in the middle of the night to put away any remaining doubts that there might yet be clues as to Vader’s whereabouts in his abode. With his round of the apartment fruitless, Mohammed realized that he had yet to search his small laundry room. Opening the door, and with the help of his phone’s flashlight, he spotted an oddly shaped contraption resembling a label maker. In faint lettering at the top, the device was labeled “Time-Traveler 9000,” and it was covered in several hairs which Mohammed recognized belonged to his beloved Vader. Now he only had one course of action if he wanted to investigate the whereabouts of his furry friend.
Mohammed understood that his dog has reached the future and he set out along with his friend Jonas into the future. The machine displayed the year to which Vader had travelled to, it was the year 2099. Mohammed and Jonas travelled to the year 2099 with the help of the device. As they travelled through time they could see instances of their past and future. They were pushed through a wormhole into a location they could not recognize. It looked like a post apocalyptic world from the movie Mad Max- Fury Road. They were afraid and slowly started looking for Vader. After hours of searching they finally found Vader with some savages trapped in a cage. If Mohammed and Jonas hadn't done anything Vader would have become dinner for those Savages. Jonas came up with a plan to distract the savages while Mohammed would save Vader. The plan worked succesfully. Mohammed and Jonas saved Vader only to realise that they are stuck in a post apocalyptic world with man eating savages.
